What? There are still soldiers?
Impossible. This guy's bluffing.
Have you ever heard of Heaven Dou Mingjun?
Tiandou Mingjun
What the hell is going on here?
Tiandou militia
The national teacher never mentioned it
I didn't expect Ling Ce to have this skill
It's a surprise from the sky, that's great
This time we were saved
How many people are there in the Heaven Dou Ming Army?
What to fight against me
Not many people in Beijing
That's 10,000
10,000 dare to shout at me
I really don't know
Ten thousand.
In front of my Black Fiend Legion, it is completely vulnerable
How awesome did I think it was?
You guys are just moths to a flame.
You think about it.
That's 10,000 Heavenly Road soldiers
Lord Black Fury
The Black Fiend Legion lost to the People's Army
Almost nothing.